Add Toolbar button example (#1703)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/button.mdx

  <SecondaryButtonExample />
</Example>

> ### Toolbar Button

Reviewer: Wondering about order of placement on the page... is Default button getting pushed too low considering it is a "default"?

I guess default is the very first example on the page, so talking myself out of this comment.

> Toolbar buttons are used when buttons are placed in a row with other toolbar controls. The most common use case is in a filtering context when there is a search input, a filter button, and an action menu. The intent is to give each control equal prominence. To implement, apply `kind="toolbar"` to Button or Button-based components like Menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toolbar buttons are used when buttons are placed in a row with other toolbar controls. 

A common use case would be when creating a [filtering experience](/templates/filtering). In this situation, a search input, filter button, and action menu are presented as a unified set of controls. The intent is to present each control with equal prominence.

To implement, apply `kind="toolbar"` to [Button](/components/button) or Button-based components like [Menu](/components/menu).
```
